c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\LeaveRequest.exe.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\LeaveRequest.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\LeaveRequest.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\View\Login.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\View\Login.baml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.g.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.pdb
c:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LeaveRequest\LeaveRequest\obj\Debug\LeaveRequest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
